

	Aiina reapeared a little ways away from the walls of the town of LePrit. Dusting herself off and adjusting her mask, she headed towards the city gates.

	Smoothly bypassing the guards, she entered the town. Looking around, she commented, "So this is the town of LePrit... Seems innocent enough..."

	Almost immideately after she finished her commentary, a young-looking man wearing dark blue robes and a yellow straw hat came up to her.

	"Aiina D'Randa?" he said, lifting the brim of his hat slightly, revealing dust-blue eyes and black hair with a shock of pure white falling along the side of his face.

	"Yes?" Aiina said carefully.

	"I'm Luzi Vandia," he said, extending his hand. As Aiina took it, he continued, "I presume that the big green cheese sent you here?"

	Aiina looked at Luzi strangely. "He actually lets you call him that?" she said incredulously.

	Luzi shifted his weight uncomfortably and scratched the back of his head. "Well, not to his face..." he admitted.

	Aiina laughed, then said, "So, why're we here?"

	"Getting information, mostly," Luzi said. "I've been here for a while already and have picked up a few rumors, but..."

	Aiina nodded.

	"And Valrian's going to be here tomorrow at noon." Luzi finished.

	"Well, then," Aiina said, looking Luzi up and down. "Let's get going..."

	Since Luzi knew his way around town better than Aiina, she followed him around as he cooly struck up a conversation with a townsman, smoothly steering the conversation towards the current state of affairs.

	"Well, lately the Emperor's men have been coming into town and taking people into the castle... no one has ever come back."

	"That doesn't sound very good..." Aiina said softly. Luzi remained silent.

	The two slowly edged away from the talkative man. Once they were a safe distance away, Luzi sighed.

	"I swear, I thought that he was going to talk my ears off..." he said.

	"You're sure he didn't?" Aiina said.

	Luzi looked on the ground back to where they had just fled from. He then checked the sides of his head. "Nope, they're still there," he said.

	"That's good, then," Aiina said.

	Luzi then looked up at the sky. "It's getting a touch late. I have a room at the inn where we can go for the night."

	Aiina nodded and followed Luzi into the inn.

	Heading up to the counter, Luzi talked with the innkeeper for a moment and gestured to Aiina, with a "Come on,"

	Following Luzi up a flight of stairs and down a hallway, Aiina looked at him speculatively.

	Luzi stopped and unlocked one of the doors, then opened it, letting Aiina enter the room beyond first.

	Aiina went inside and looked around. "Not too bad," she commented.

	Closing the door behind him, Luzi said, "It works."

	There was something of an awkward silence before Luzi said, "There's only one bed... I'll sleep on the floor, then..."

	Aiina turned her back on Luzi, who could see odd movements in her cape. "Now why..." she said, "would you want to do a stupid thing like that?"

	Luzi, confused, said, "Surely _you_ don't want to sleep on the floor?"

	Aiina sighed. "I wasn't suggesting such." She then turned around and took a step towards Luzi. That is to say, Aiina took a step towards Luzi. Her clothes remained on the floor.

	Luzi gulped. "Oh." he said. "That... Well... the thing is..." he shifted his weight uncomfortably. "Y'kinda see..." He promptly trailed off.

	Aiina came ever closer to Luzi and locked her arms around his neck. "You're floundering, Luzi," she said. "What is it?"

	"Um... I..." He finally ended up whispering something.

	Aiina's eyes went wide. "You're joking!" she burst out.

	"Ahm... no..." he said.

	Aiina's eyes suddenly greew mischevious as she said, "Well, at least it's not something that can't be fixed..." and slowly began pushing Luzi backwards.

	"Er... um..." Luzi said, rather haltingly. "Do you want me to... er... do... anything?"

	Poor baby, Aiina thought, and, finally having gotten him where she wanted him, pushed him backwards onto the bed.

	Following him onto it, she rolled on top of him and whispered in his ear, "Breathe..."

				*****

	Aiina awoke when she heard a clattering noise. When she opened her eyes, she saw four people who looked suspiciously like Imperial LePrit guards standing around the bed, pointing spears at her and Luzi.

	"You have been ordered captured by the Empire of LePrit."

	And before Aiina could make mention of the fact that neither she nor Luzi had any clothes on, they were both whisked away(carrying their clothes, at least).

				*****

	He reached into the air and pulled out a battered, wide-brimmed red hat with a white hatband and a white feather sticking out of it. He firmly placed the hat on his head, and went through the darkness to the gates of the walled city before him.

	As he started to enter, he was stopped by a guard.

	"I'm sorry, sir, but the city gates are closed until dawn," the guard said.

	Valrian smirked and said, "Are you sure?"

	The guard nodded.

	"Well, then," Valrian said and flicked his right wrist. He was then holding a ten foot long whip. Blindingly quickly looping a good chunk of the whip around the guard's neck, he said, "I think it's dawn now."

	The guard nodded weakly and headed to the gates to unlock them. Once he was at the gates, Valrian removed his whip and said, "You know what? I don't think you saw anyone tonight..."

	With that, Valrian firmly punched the guard in the head and headed into the town of LePrit.

	At the back of the town, where the castle gates were, there were two guards.

	"Damn," Valrian muttered. "And they're not your average incompetent guards, by the look of them..."

	Underneath the hat, Valrian's eyes glittered cooly. "Maybe..." he whispered.

	Concealing his whip under his cape, Valrian walked right up to one of the guards, who tried to shoo him away.

	Underneath the hat, Valrian smiled and quickly began choking the guard with his whip. After a few seconds, he drove his knee into the guard's back. As his neck was rather firmly held into a single position, something had to break. The whip held. Valrian's knee held. The guard's neck didn't.

	But that still left the other guard, who seemed to be in the process of casting a spell.

	That, in and of itself, didn't bother Valrian. After all, what could a spell do to him? However, the using of the spell would attract attention, potentially high-ranking attention. He would not, could not risk a confrontation with the emperor.

	So, the guard would have to go the other way. Smoothly, Valrian pulled a dagger and threw it at the guard. The guard was armoured, but that didn't make a difference, not with this dagger. It sunk hilt deep into the guard's chest.

	Retrieving his weapon, Valrian decided to deal with the trail of bodies later.

				*****

	Luzi examined the room again, and attempted another spell, to no avail.

	"Dammit!" he swore. "This bloody spell lock..."

	He was interrupted when he heard a familliar voice say, "Hello? Friendly neighbourhood jailbreak delivery service? Today's 'get out of jail free' card goes to a young-looking man with a fondess for a garish yellow straw hat. Would you happen to know him?"

	Luzi's eyes narrowed at the familliar voice. "Valrian?" he said.

	There was a 'click' sound as the door unlocked, just before it opened and Valrian entered. "Last time I checked, yes. Now, we have to get going and find Aiina in here."

	Luzi nodded and followed Valrian out.

				*****

	Aiina closed her eyes and tried to ignore everything, the burning pain in particular. In her mind, she said to herself, I will do nothing, I will say nothing, I will-

	But then she lost consciousness.

	The guards didn't seem to notice or care and... continued. At least, they continued until a serenely sad-looking tall young man with long, slightly wavy amber blond hair and startling aqua eyes entered and said, "What are you doing?" He said it softly, coldly.

	The guards stood up abruptly and tried to straighten themselves out, not succeding very well. "Uh... nothing, sir," one of them said.

	"Then you have a very odd definition of the word 'nothing', it seems," the young man said.

	The same guard who had spoken made a noise very much like 'urk'.

	"Get out, both of you," the man said. "I'll deal with you later."

	Once the two guards had left, he knelt down beside Aiina. "Damn..." he whispered.

	His eyes grew distant as he whispered a few words and a pale light surrounded him.

	Aiina's eyes fluttered open.

	"Are you all right?" the man said to Aiina.

	Aiina's unfocused eyes looked in the general direction of the man. After a few minutes, she said, "I think so..."

	Aiina saw something on the floor and tried to reach for it, failing not quite miserably. The young man reached for the blue mask, wiped off the tinted glass in the eyeholes and handed it to her with a, "Yours, I believe?"

	Aiina soundlessly took the mask and put it on.

	The man looked at the ground as he said, "Look... I know it doesn't do too much good to you now, but... what... they were doing... they did completely on their own... and... I can assure you, they will be severely punished for... that..."

	Aiina looked squarely at the man and said, "You're with the LePrit Empire?"

	He looked somewhat amused. "I _suppose_ you could say that..." he said.

	"Then I have nothing to say to you," Aiina said coldly.

	"Why?"

	"Ten years ago, my entire town was burned by the Empire," Aiina said contemptuously.

	"I see..." he said. "What did you say your name was?"

	Aiina glowered at the man. "I didn't."

	"Would you?" he said softly.

	After a long pause, Aiina finally said, "Aiina. Aiina D'Randa."

	His eyes went wide as he said, "Oh. Oh, OH."

	"What the hell's so interesting about my name?" demanded Aiina.

	"Nothing much," he said, "though I must assure you that what happened to your town should _not_ have happened."

	Behind the mask, Aiina's eyes hardened. "What, are they giving you LePrit bastards 'saying the obvious' classes now?"

	He winced, then said, "At any rate, I'll have to see those involved in that... incident... about it... See what I can do..."

	Aiina glared. "Who the hell are you, to think that 'seeing those involved' can make a dammed bit of difference, let alone make anything better?"

	He sighed, and said in a voice that perfectly matched his serenly sad appearance, "My dear, they call me Emperor LePrit..."

	Aiina's eyes went wide and she drew even further back into the corner.

	LePrit looked around the room as if for the first time, and said, "This place is awfully scummy... Why don't you come with me and I'll see what I can do about your... accomodations..."

	"Bloody hell no!" spat Aiina, though hollowly, as if she didn't really mean it.

	LePrit smiled, softly, then said, "You sound exactly like your mother when you object to things on principle alone..."

	Aiina's eyes snapped up. "How the hell would bloody scum like you know the slightest thing about my mother?"

	LePrit remained silent, as if debating whether or not to say anything. Evidently, 'whether' won out, as he said, "Because, my dear Aiina, I married her... and did all that such implies..."

	Aiina's mask slipped down her nose, revealing her saucer-wide eyes and chalky-pale complexion.

	LePrit stood up then, Aiina sliding up against the wall as he did so.

	Looking softly at Aiina, LePrit said, "I'm going to be going now, but I'll be back later, should you reconsider about my offer."

	"Not too bloodly likely," Aiina spat.

	LePrit started to leave, but just before he exited, he turned around and softly said, "Be well, Aiina..."

	A few minutes after he left, Aiina sank to the floor, sobbing. "He can't be my father... I can't have come from... that..."

	Aiina continued her sobbing until she head a knock on the door.

	"Go away!" she said. "I said no before, and the answer is still no!"

	The voice that came from the other side of the door sounded slightly injured. "So you're fond of the idea of staying in this dungeon for an extended period of time?"

	Recognizing the voice, Aiina stood up, wiped her eyes, and said, "Oh! Valrian! I'm sorry, I thought you were someone else..."

	"Then make no mind of it," Valrian said, opening the door.

	Stepping out of the room, Aiina said, "Now, perhaps we should be leaving?"