
	On a glassy tile in a starry, trackless void, a green-haired young man
stood. Looking down at the infinite space below him, he sighed. Shrugging his
utter black cape into a better position on his back, he stepped forward. 
Looking around, he sighed again.

	"It's almost time..." he murmured. There was a long, heavy silence, 
then, "I wish..."

				*****

	In a serenley quiet forest, an amber-blond girl tramped through 
grasses and leaves, looking at the ground all the while.

	Coming into a clearing, she muttered, "They've got to be in here
somewhere..."

	Looking around the clearing, she finally found her coveted prize.
"There they are!" she exclaimed with a giggle and headed further into the
clearing. Picking some of the mushrooms she found there, she giggled again, 
and said, "Wow, what great mushrooms! Mama's-"

	She stopped short when she heard some loud noises.

	"She's not here. What should we do, sir?"

	"Torch the place, we don't need it and you could use the practice."

	The girl dropped her basket and said, "I should get back to town, I 
think..."

	With that, she rushed back through the woods to return home.

				*****

	Finally, the girl entered her hometown. Coming into the centre, she
looked around.

	"Everything... looks like something after a fire..." she whispered.
"Was this place burned?"

	Then, something hit her. She bolted for her own house, only to find it
a smoking ruin. Wandering through it, she sobbed, "Mama..."

	The world spun around her, and the girl vanished.

				*****

	She looked around at her new surroundings, then gulped. It looked, for
most intents and purposes, like she was standing on nothing in the middle of
space. She gulped again, looked at the green-haired young man, and demanded,
"Who are you? Where am I?"

	He smiled softly and said, "This is no place, Aiina..."

	Aiina's aqua-coloured eyes snapped up to meet his as she demanded,
"_Who_ _are_ _you_, and how do you know my name?"

	The green-haired young man smiled softly again, and said, "How I know
is unimportant... As for who I am... I suppose you can call me Valrian..."

	Aiina's eyes looked like they were going to bluge right out of her 
head. "Valrian?" she said. "The _god_ Valrian?"

	Valrian's eyes looked a little downcast as he said, "Is that what they
call me now?" Then, there was a long pause before Valrian said, "I presume
you're wondering at what happened to your town?"

	With that, Aiina burst into tears. "I... just want my mama back..."

	Somewhat uneasily, though gently, Valrian held the sobbing child.
"Don't cry, Aiina," he said softly to her.

	Raising her tear-streaked face, she asked, "Why not?"

	Valrian remained silent for a while, trying to come up with an answer.
Finally, he said, "Crying doesn't rebuild cities or raise the dead, though
some wish it might..."

	Aiina sniffled. "I still want to do it, though..."

	After a time, Valrian shrugged, then said, "Can you cry and listen?"

	Aiina nodded. "I think so..."

	"Fine, then," Valrian said. "Have you ever heard of the LePrit 
empire?"

	Aiina nodded. "I think I might have heard people mention it before,"

	"Good, then. LePrit is looking for someone, or something, I don't know
which. Though I do know that two years ago, the empress and princess of LePrit
vanished. Maybe they're looking for them..."

	Aiina suddenly developed an odd expression. "Two years...?" she
murmured.

	Pressing onward, Valrian said, "Anyways, their search must have led
them to your town. When they didn't find what they needed, they burned the
place."

	"But how could they have burned it? The town was made of stone..."

	Valrian suddenly looked vry distressed. "Magic," he muttered. "They
used magic..."

	"But don't _you_ have to let people use magic?" Aiina protested.

	Valrian looked very much like he wished Aiina hadn't asked that. "They
slipped through the cracks... Emperor LePrit is better than one might 
think..."

	This seemed to satisfy Aiina. However, after a while, she said,
"But... why am I here?"

	Valrian smiled enigmatically and said, "I need you, Aiina..."

	"What for?" Aiina asked.

	Valrian kept that same smile while he said, "You'll see..."
(ed: No comments, you dirty-minded SOBs ^_^)

				*****

Ten years later...

	Aiina smoothed out her dress and adjusted her mask. Then, she said,
"You sent for me, sir?"

	"Yes..." Valrian said softly.

	"What is it?" Aiina asked.

	"I need you to go the town of LePrit... Luzi will meet you there and
explain everything you need to know."

	Aiina nodded. "Yes, sir, I'll leave immidiately."

	With that, Aiina vanished.